README.md, before:

# MyAngular21

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 21.0.1.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

feat(theme): implement theme support with toggle functionality and persistence

README.md, after:

# MyAngular21

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 21.0.1.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Theme support

This app supports a light and a dark theme. The current theme is persisted in localStorage.

- Toggle the theme using the icon in the top-right header.
- The app will also initialize to the user's system preference if no choice was saved.

Material components

- Angular Material component colors are driven by the Material system CSS variables
	(for example `--mat-sys-surface`). The dark and light theme body classes set
	overrides for a handful of system variables so Material components switch to
	appropriate palettes when the app theme changes.

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
